Jobs ideas :                                                      |

- sample
  Description : accurate description of the job. 66 characters
    per line.
  Vehicle : the vehicle used. None if not applicable.
  Salary : $ | P | B | C
     $ : The amount it is paid (??? if unkniown yet)
     P : when it is paid (periodic, per task)
     B : bonus on paiement + condition
     C : The Company group it is in
  Technical description (optional) : exact description of how the
     job start and work and of what the player exactly has to do.

- ambulance-man
  Description : the ambulance man is in charge of saving players
    from death. When a player has its health at 0 he will enter
    a coma state where he is allowed to either call an ambulance
    or choosing to die. When he call an ambulance, a life alert
    is sent to all active ambulances with an approximate
    indication of where the coma-player is, then an ambulance
    must accept the call to tell the other he is handling this
    call and to get the exact location.
  Vehicle : Ambulance
  Salary : ??? | Periodic | None | State
  Technical description : The ambulance-man go to an hospital,
     then has to press a button to confirm he is starting his
     job. Once done he will get his uniform and an ambulance
     will spawn. Now that he is in working-status, he is open
     to the calls. The queue list will be displayed on his
     screen.
     When a call is given, he has to press the numeric button
     corresponding of the call-queue's id (1 in most cases)
     then the call disappear from the queue and a marker is
     created to the exact location of the coma-player. Once
     at the player, he will have to first inspect the victim
     by pressing the action button and then he will be able
     to reanimate the dead player at 10hp.
  
- deliverer of drinks
  Description : The drinks deliverer is in charge of
     delivering the drinks to the shops, the bar and the
     vending machines.
  Vehicle : deliver truck + drink skin
  Salary : ??? | Per task+length of delivers | serie of deliver | Drink Company
  Technical description : The drinks deliverer must go to its
     company QG to get its truck by pressing a button, then
     the drink truck spawn. Once he goes in he must go to the
     warehouse. Once he is in, a random destination is taken
     toward either a vending machine, a bar or a shop, marked
     on the map. Once he goes in and reach the destination,
     he can choose between continuing onto the next one or
     stopping the service by having to bring back the truck
     to the QG.

- deliverer of food
- deliverer of pharmaceutics
- deliverer of pizza
- garbage man
- gravedigger
- mayor
- miner
- money transferer/keeper
- pilot
- policeman
- postman
- scientist
- swimmingpool cleaner
- taximan
- towman
- turbine reparator
